So next, we're going to be talking about some different
high‑level deployment methodologies,
and these three will be important concepts that you
need to understand for the exam.
So first of all, we're going to be talking about continuous integration,
followed by continuous delivery, and finally,
continuous deployment.
So let's look first at continuous integration. And according to
Thoughtworks, continuous integration is a development practice
that requires developers to integrate code into a shared
repository several times a day.
Each check‑in is then verified by an automated build,
allowing teams to detect problems early.
So if we're looking at this from more of a machine learning perspective,
we could see situations where the code that we're leveraging to
actually train our models is something that we're building several
times a day, and we have some type of test that can run to verify
that it's performing as it should.
This is continuous integration. And so with continuous integration,
at any point you're integrating your code back into the repository,
you are able to verify if those problems are there. Now continuous
delivery takes this a step further. And in this situation, the
continuous integration happens.
But in addition, we have automated the process of deployment.
However, deployment does not happen automatically.
In these cases,
there is still a manual step required to push from a
staging environment into production.
But on the far end of the spectrum, we have continuous deployment. And so this
builds on the previous two concepts that we've discussed.
We still have continuous integration because every time we check in code,
it does integrate with other code from our team.
It does run a verification process by having tests
that are run against the code.
It also has the automated deployment process.
But instead of waiting for that manual input, in this case,
it is going to deploy automatically.
So every time a developer commits, that's going to trigger this entire process,
which will then push this into production.
And the reason you're able to do this is because there is a
sufficient enough test suite to verify that the code isn't going to break anything once it ends up in production.